G:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.deps.json
G:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.runtimeconfig.json
G:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.runtimeconfig.dev.json
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.dll
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.pdb
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.AssemblyInfo.cs
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.dll
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.pdb
G:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.deps.json
G:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.runtimeconfig.json
G:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.runtimeconfig.dev.json
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.dll
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.pdb
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.AssemblyInfo.cs
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.dll
g:\Prokkis\edx\edX_DEV247X_Build_WebAPIs_Using_ASP.NET\Module_2_Lab_Files\Use Postman Create HTTP Requests\testi-toimivawebserver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\testi.pdb
